[ADD] inventory: lifo removal strategy (#7293)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/advanced_operations_warehouse/lifo.rst

============
LIFO removal
============

> The *last in, first out* (LIFO) removal strategy picks the **newest** products on-hand based on the
> date they entered a warehouse's stock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Last In, First Out* (LIFO) removal strategy picks the **newest** products on-hand, based on the
date they entered a warehouse's stock.
```

> Every time an order for products with the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` method is placed, a
> transfer is created for the lot/serial number that has most recently entered the stock (the **last**
> lot/serial number that entered the warehouse's inventory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time an order is placed for products with the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` method, a
transfer is created for the lot/serial number that has most recently entered the stock (the **last**
lot/serial number that entered the warehouse's inventory).
```

.. warning::

>    In many countries, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy in banned, since it can
>    potentially result in old, expired, or obsolete products being delivered to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In many countries, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy is banned, since it can
   potentially result in old, expired, or obsolete products being delivered to customers.
```

> Consider the following product, `Cinder Block`, which is tracked :guilabel:`By Lots` in the
> :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form, and its product category's :guilabel:`Force Removal
> Strategy` is set to :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following example, with the product, `Cinder Block`, which is tracked :guilabel:`By
Lots` in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form. Its product category's :guilabel:`Force
Removal Strategy` is set to :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`.
```

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Set up force removal strategy <inventory/routes/strategies/set>`
   - :ref:`Enable lots tracking <inventory/removal/lots-setup>`
   - :ref:`Check arrival date <inventory/removal/arrival_date>`

> The following table represents the cinder blocks in stock and their various lot number details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table represents the Cinder Blocks in stock, and their various lot number details.
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * -
     - LOT1
     - LOT2
     - LOT3
   * - On-hand stock
     - 10
     - 10
     - 10
   * - :ref:`Created on <inventory/removal/arrival_date>`
     - June 1
     - June 3
     - June 6

> To see the removal strategy in action, create a :ref:`delivery order <inventory/delivery/one-step>`
> for seven cinder blocks, either by going to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and create a new
> quotation, or from the delivery orders dashboard in :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations -->
> Deliveries`. :guilabel:`Confirm` the sales order or click :guilabel:`Mark as Todo` on the draft
> delivery order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the removal strategy in action, create a :ref:`delivery order <inventory/delivery/one-step>`
for seven Cinder Blocks, either by going to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and creating a new
quotation, or from the delivery orders dashboard in :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations -->
Deliveries`.

:guilabel:`Confirm` the sales order, or click :guilabel:`Mark as Todo` on the draft delivery order.
```

> Doing so creates the delivery order, and the newest lot numbers are reserved according to the
> :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so creates the delivery order, and the newest lot numbers are reserved, according to the
:abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy.
```

> To view the detailed pickings, click the :guilabel:`⦙≣ (bulleted list)` icon on the far right of the
> cinder block's product line in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab of the delivery order. Doing so opens
> the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the detailed pickings, click the :guilabel:`⦙≣ (bulleted list)` icon, located on the
far-right of the Cinder Block's product line in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab of the delivery
order. Doing so opens the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` window, the :guilabel:`Pick from` field details where the
> quantities to fulfill the :guilabel:`Demand` are picked from. Since the order demanded seven cinder
> blocks, the newest cinder blocks from `LOT3` are selected using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First
> Out)` removal strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Open: Stock move` pop-up window, the :guilabel:`Pick from` field displays where
the quantities to fulfill the :guilabel:`Demand` are picked from. Since the order demanded seven
Cinder Blocks, the newest Cinder Blocks from `LOT3` are selected, using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In,
First Out)` removal strategy.
```

============
LIFO removal
============

The *Last In, First Out* (LIFO) removal strategy picks the **newest** products on-hand, based on the
date they entered a warehouse's stock.

> Every time an order is placed for products with the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` method, a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every time an order is placed for products using the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` strategy, a
```

transfer is created for the lot/serial number that has most recently entered the stock (the **last**
lot/serial number that entered the warehouse's inventory).

.. warning::
   In many countries, the :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy is banned, since it can
   potentially result in old, expired, or obsolete products being delivered to customers.

Consider the following example, with the product, `Cinder Block`, which is tracked :guilabel:`By

> Lots` in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form. Its product category's :guilabel:`Force
> Removal Strategy` is set to :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lots` in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form. The :guilabel:`Force
Removal Strategy`  for the cinder block's product category is set to :guilabel:`Last In, First Out (LIFO)`.
```

.. seealso::
   - :ref:`Set up force removal strategy <inventory/warehouses_storage/removal-config>`
   - :ref:`Enable lots tracking <inventory/warehouses_storage/lots-setup>`
   - :ref:`Check arrival date <inventory/warehouses_storage/arrival_date>`

>    - :doc:`About removal strategies <removal>`

Reviewer 2: I would link to the general removal strategy doc at the very beginning of each specific removal strategy doc, and then link to each of the other docs as they're mentioned. None of the information will make sense if they haven't read the general doc first, so we want to point them toward that right away.

The following table represents the cinder blocks in stock, and their various lot number details.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1

   * -
     - LOT1
     - LOT2
     - LOT3
   * - On-hand stock
     - 10
     - 10
     - 10
   * - :ref:`Created on <inventory/warehouses_storage/arrival_date>`
     - June 1
     - June 3
     - June 6

To see the removal strategy in action, create a :ref:`delivery order <inventory/delivery/one-step>`
for seven cinder blocks, either by going to the :menuselection:`Sales app` and creating a new
quotation, or from the delivery orders dashboard in :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations -->
Deliveries`.

:guilabel:`Confirm` the sales order, or click :guilabel:`Mark as Todo` on the draft delivery order.

Doing so creates the delivery order, and the newest lot numbers are reserved, according to the

> :abbr:`LIFO (Last In, First Out)` removal strategy.

Reviewer 2: I think you should remove the instructions for creating a delivery order directly. It gets a bit confusing when you're trying to include instructions for both that and creating a delivery order from a sales order.
